{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Nicholas Boruch\
7/7/14\
						Problem Solving\
\
\
Problem #1 A cat, a parrot, and a bang of seed\
\
1.\
\
A) The problem the man is facing is that he is not sure what to leave behind while he prepares himself due to the fact that the cat would most likely eat the bird and the bird would eat the seed. So he is trying to figure out a way to do what he needs to do without losing any of his items\
\
B) One insight I have that is not right away visible is that he has a dilemma of the boat can only fit himself and either the cat, parrot, and a bag of seed. He needs to come up with a way to bring all of the creatures across with him with out losing one.\
\
C) The overall goal this man is trying to accomplish is to not lose any of his belonging but to figure out how he can make it across with all of them.\
\
2. \
\
A) The constraints of this problem is to try and figure out how to get all of them across the river. But one problem is if he leaves the bird with the seed the bird will most likely eat the seed. But if he leaves the cat with the bird the bird would most likely be eaten by the cat.\
\
B) The sub goal the man has is for everyone to make it across the river alive with out making the mistake of leaving the wrong ones alone while he makes his trips across the river.\
\
3)\
\
A) The possible solution would be to put the parrot on the man\'92s shoulder and put the cat in the other location that way he wouldn\'92t leave one alone with the other so they would both live the only thing he wouldn\'92t have is the seed. But as far as I am concerned is he could replace the seed. The animals on the other hand if one killed one another then he would have a huge problem because they are not as easy to replace as the seed is. But that is just one solution.\
\
4)\
\
A) Each solution in my eyes does meet the goals because the priority is for neither animal to parish but yet he has to get them all across the water.\
\
B) Each solution may or may not work in all cases because it comes down to what the man finds to be the absolute most important thing to him.\
\
5) \
\
A) My solution to the problem is to ditch the seed and put the parrot on the mans shoulders so that cat does not eat the bird because I feel he could just get more seed once he makes it to his destination. He would have the bird on his shoulders and then he would put the cat in the other spot so that way the cat and bird are as far apart as they can possibly be so the cat can\'92t get the bird.\
\
B) Some test cases I tried to make sure it would work is I put the bird on my shoulder farthest from the cat and put the cat in the bottom of the boat so that they were separated from one another. Because having had a bird before I know how cats and dogs can make parrots freak out if they move the wrong way. But by doing this method it would eliminate the tension and would make it possible to take all the living creatures across safely.\
}